Reviews for Lunpia Gang Lombok (Place ID: ChIJn406fqr0cC4RG0y566UNjY0):

Review by Budi S (5 stars, a month ago):
This is a real "hole in the wall' food place. You sit on plastic stool or bench. But their lunpia is glorious. Best.Ever. My advice, dine in, or eat in your car. Eat the lunpia while they are hot and crispy, with the onion and pickles provided. Heaven. Go there very early in the morning. 7 am. Otherwise, prepare to queue for a looong time.

Review by Mr. Oktavianus (5 stars, a year ago):
It is one my most favorite Lunpia Semarang. It was even more delicious to enjoy on the spot while hot. Price was considered expensive around 15.000 per piece few years ago, but still they had many loyal consumers like me. I liked most when ate together with spring onion & chili.

Review by Jiacmilia Salim (5 stars, 10 months ago):
This is the famous Lumpia Semarang, and almost everyone I asked for lumpia recommendations in Semarang pointed me to Gang Lombok as their number one choice. It's always crowded with buyers, and many people get it as a souvenir.

I always visit in the morning for take away, so I don't have to wait too long. They only have one lumpia variant, which is a mix of bamboo shoots, eggs, and shrimp, priced at 22,000 idr. It might be a bit pricey for a lumpia, but I think it's worth it. The bamboo shoots have a smoky aroma and aren't too pungent when eaten (unlike other Semarang lumpia that can be quite strong), and the wrapper isn't too thick (so you don't end up eating too much flour). It's definitely worth trying when you're in Semarang!

Review by Dedy Widjaja (5 stars, 2 years ago):
Pro : taste, portion
Cons : crowded

Price : 4/5 (a little bit higher than others)
Taste : 5/5
Cleanliness : 4.5/5

Tips : the legend and the best lunpia in Semarang. You must come in the morning (

Review by Karnesia (5 stars, 2 years ago):
Saving the best for last, I made Loenpia my final stop before leaving Semarang. I went to Gg. Lombok despite not knowing which store in Semarang sold the most genuine Loenpia. On a weekday before lunchtime, I stopped by; there was no line, and the service was prompt. The tastes and ingredients in Loenpia's "Goreng" and "Basah" were both delicious and rich. Each one cost IDR 20k. Loenpia Goreng lasted up to 24 hours and Loenpia Basah lasted up to 12 hours in the room temperature, while both lasted about 1 week when refrigerated.

Alongside the store, there is a temple called Tay Kak Sie. Moreover, it is free to visit there.