Reviews for Tahu Gimbal Haji Edy (Place ID: ChIJFatVKVyLcC4RNowjMd2-Gsw):

Review by Fendy Kusuma Wardhana (5 stars, a year ago):
You will be confused, around this location have same merchant name, But i believe Haji Edy have so good in taste.
For food, it so great and well mixed beetween sauce, tofu and shrimp.
For service, they are quick and most of javanese seller they are friendly.
When for places, well it is pedestrian so not much tables and parking but clean enough.

So i will make my second visit here when at semarang again, you must try it. 😄

Review by Khairul Anwar (5 stars, 4 years ago):
The best, original, legendary and the pioneer of Tahu Gimbal in Semarang. Your journey to this city is not complete without it.

There are few others with the same name, but look for it, find the one with the photo of Pak Edy himself on the stall and some of the certificate appreciations. This one is actually the real one, not the others. The stall was first at the Jalan Pahlawan, but now moving here for city restructuring.

Generous portion, if you eat only small each time you eat, ask for half portion, because the portion of this Tahu Gimbal is huge! There are tofu, prawn gimbal, lontong, fried sunny side up and absolutely peanut sauce.

Their Es Durian and Es Teler is a great desserts to cooling down the Semarang heat too! 👍

Review by Randy Ansari Nur Hidayat (5 stars, 2 years ago):
One of Semarang's culinary specialties that tastes authentic and must be tried if you go to Semarang. The portion size is quite large, filled with tofu, cabbage, ketupat, egg, fried prawns called "Gimbal" and then doused with thick peanut sauce, and don't forget to add prawn crackers to complete it. It's a shame the place isn't wide enough because it's on the side of the road and you have to be careful because those around you also sell tofu dreadlocks with the same name, so don't make the mistake of choosing "Tahu Gimbal Haji Edy".

Review by Arief Rachman Hakim (3 stars, 5 years ago):
Taste, portion, nothing different with the others, just usual. Unfortunately a bottle of mineral water is overprice. Their service isn't bad at all, just likely unanticipated when many customers come to. Overall, this is most likely worth to try when you coming to this town.

Review by Putari (3 stars, 3 years ago):
Will be suitable for you who love food with peanut sause. Taste like ketoprak but more liquid, with different topping. Consist of rice cake, fried tofu, shrimp bakwan, cabbage, bean sprouts & prawn crackers